Heading of 'release notes' changed to 'Downloads' (#37099)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/home/_index.md

  description: Anyone can contribute, whether you're new to the project or you've been around a long time.
  button: Contribute to the docs
  button_path: /docs/contribute
- name: Download
  title: Downloads

>   description: If you are installing Kubernetes or upgrading to the newest version, refer to the current release notes.

Reviewer: We should change this text too.

Author: Sounds good! Thanks @sftim !

Reviewer: Once you have edited:
> If you are installing Kubernetes or upgrading to the newest version, refer to the current release notes.

then we can progress this PR.

Author: @sftim It's done now!

  description: Anyone can contribute, whether you're new to the project or you've been around a long time.
  button: Contribute to the docs
  button_path: /docs/contribute
- name: Download

>   title: Downloads

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  title: Download Kubernetes
```

>   description: If you are installing Kubernetes or upgrading to the newest version, refer to the Downloads section.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  description: Install Kubernetes or upgrade to the newest version.
```
The button is the call to action. "Refer to the Downloads section" doesn't do anything unless we link that text to the downloads section, but that makes the button redundant. The Training section has similar language, keeping the button as the call to action

Author: Thank you for suggestion!

Author: @shannonxtreme the changes have been applied now!
